time for a deep fried seafood delight
that is surprisingly simple to make
let's make some salt and pepper squid on
the one part chef let's make some salt
and pepper squid first I've got four
large squid tubes also known as squid
hoods and we're just going to slice
along one side to open it up and using a
sharp knife we're just going to cut
little diagonal lines along the inside
surface you don't need to cut all the
way through just score those marks all
on the inside Pat that dry with a bit of
paper towel just to get any excess
liquid off and simply slice the squid up
into small pieces
that's our squid chopped up so we can
just set that aside while we work on our
coating next I've got a snap lock
freezer bag now this makes things so
much easier when it comes to crumbing
things I'm going to put in a quarter of
a cup of plain all-purpose flour two
tablespoons of corn flour or cornstarch
this helps to add a nice sort of silky
texture to this crumb mixture this is
salt and pepper squid after all so we're
going to put in a little bit of salt and
some pepper and just add a little bit of
extra flavor I'm adding in about a
teaspoon of garlic powder and for a
little bit of pepper I'm putting in
about half a teaspoon of chili just give
that a bit of a shake around just to mix
everything up next we're going to add in
our squid pieces and we're just going to
seal this up and gently toss it around
to coat
squids lovely encoded so we can set that
aside while we heat up our oil I've got
about one liter or four cups of cooking
oil I'm just using some regular
vegetable oil for this and I've got it
in my big wok over a high heat and we're
just heating up that oil until it gets
to about a hundred and ninety degrees or
until a piece of bread dropped into the
oil turns nice and golden in about ten
seconds we're going to gently place
about half of our squid pieces into the
oil and my lab is to cook for about four
minutes or until they curl up and go
nice and golden try not to overcook them
because otherwise they'll go kind of
rubbery humans later and our squid is
lovely and golden it's curled up and
looking gorgeous so we just take that
out with a slotted spoon and transfer it
onto a plate lined with some kitchen
paper towel to drain off any excess oil
and then we'll allow this oil to come
back to temperature and cook the rest of
our squid and here we have our completed
salt and pepper squid which I'm just
serving with a little bit of tirta sauce
but of course you could serve this with
some garlic aioli or just squeeze a
lemon wedge over the top absolutely
fantastic the smell is amazing I cannot
wait to have a taste there is nothing
like freshly made seafood especially
when it's got this wonderful chrome mix
on it so I'm going to have a dip and
have a taste hmm yeah
hmm it's lovely and perfectly cooked
you've got that wonderful mixture on the
outside not too spicy lots of flavor
there mmm YUM
well I hope you enjoyed this recipe
check out my other videos at one-pot
chef show calm and until next time see
you later this took no more than about
20 minutes to make it was very simple
very very effective and trust me you
make this your family and friends will
be begging you for it it's so so easy to
do so I'm going to have a bit more